
## ---------------- Beam ----------------  ##
#position
s:BeamParticle = "proton"
u:BeamEnergySpread = 0.0
s:BeamEnergyDistribution = "Gaussian"

s:Ge/BeamPosition/Parent="World"
#s:Ge/BeamPosition/Type = "Group"
d:Ge/BeamPosition/TransX= 0.0 nm
d:Ge/BeamPosition/TransY= 0.0 nm
d:Ge/BeamPosition/TransZ= -110.0 nm
d:Ge/BeamPosition/RotX=0. deg
d:Ge/BeamPosition/RotY=0. deg
d:Ge/BeamPosition/RotZ=0. deg

#details
s:So/Demo/Type = "Beam"
s:So/Demo/Component = "BeamPosition"
s:So/Demo/BeamParticle = BeamParticle
d:So/Demo/BeamEnergy = 1.0 MeV
u:So/Demo/BeamEnergySpread = BeamEnergySpread

s:So/Demo/BeamPositionDistribution = "Gaussian"
d:So/Demo/BeamPositionSpreadX = 5. nm # distribution (if Gaussian)
d:So/Demo/BeamPositionSpreadY = 5. nm # distribution (if Gaussian)

s:So/Demo/BeamAngularDistribution = "None"
d:So/Demo/BeamAngularSpreadX=0. deg
d:So/Demo/BeamAngularSpreadY=0. deg
i:So/Demo/NumberOfHistoriesInRun = 1

d:So/Demo/BeamPositionCutoffX = 5. mm
d:So/Demo/BeamPositionCutoffY = 5. mm
#d:So/Demo/BeamPositionCutoffZ = 5. mm
